com/app/services/DataScraperCvLv.java
 com.app.services.DataScraperCvLv
com/app/model/profile/Education.java
 com.app.model.profile.Education
com/app/controllers/VacancyApiController.java
 com.app.controllers.VacancyApiController
com/app/model/jobs/Vacancy.java
 com.app.model.jobs.Vacancy
com/app/model/CvVacancy/CvLvVacancy.java
 com.app.model.CvVacancy.CvLvVacancy
com/app/model/profile/Cv.java
 com.app.model.profile.Cv
com/app/services/VacancyService.java
 com.app.services.VacancyService
com/app/model/profile/Experience.java
 com.app.model.profile.Experience
com/app/model/profile/CustomEntry.java
 com.app.model.profile.CustomEntry
com/app/model/jobs/Requirement.java
 com.app.model.jobs.Requirement
com/app/dto/VacancyDto.java
 com.app.dto.VacancyDto
com/app/controllers/VacancyController.java
 com.app.controllers.VacancyController
com/app/dto/inapp/PlatformVacancyDto.java
 com.app.dto.inapp.PlatformVacancyDto
com/app/services/ContactsService.java
 com.app.services.ContactsService
com/scraper/service/CVOnlineScraper.java
 com.scraper.service.CVOnlineScraper
com/app/services/UserService.java
 com.app.services.UserService
com/app/NxtWorkApp.java
 com.app.NxtWorkApp
com/app/model/profile/Preferences.java
 com.app.model.profile.Preferences
com/app/model/common/Contacts.java
 com.app.model.common.Contacts
com/app/dto/thirdparty/CvLvVacancyDto.java
 com.app.dto.thirdparty.CvLvVacancyDto
com/app/model/profile/Interest.java
 com.app.model.profile.Interest
com/app/services/CompanyService.java
 com.app.services.CompanyService
com/app/model/jobs/Company.java
 com.app.model.jobs.Company
com/app/model/profile/User.java
 com.app.model.profile.User
com/scraper/model/CvVacancy.java
 com.scraper.model.CvVacancy
